{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red40\green167\blue69;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\qc\b\fs36\cf1 Kejani Garage\par
\pard\qc\b0\fs20\cf2 Statement of Work (SOW)\par
\par
\pard\fs20\cf0 Project: Letrum Agencies — MVP Website (Flights, Tours, Visa Requests)\par
Client: Letrum Agencies\par
Provider: Kejani Garage\par
Date: 21 Sep 2025\par
\par
\b 1. Project Background\b0\par
Letrum Agencies requires a focused Minimum Viable Product (MVP) website to allow customers to search flights, book tours/safaris, and submit visa requests. Kejani Garage will deliver a production-ready MVP implemented from the existing codebase, with staging deployment and a short support window after delivery.
\par
\b 2. Objectives & Scope (MVP)\b0\par
- Flight search (sandbox integration) with basic booking storage and email confirmation (sandbox payments via M-Pesa Daraja or offline payment capture).\par
- Tours & Safari packages: listings, detail pages, booking/inquiry flow.\par
- Visa request form: destination, dates, uploads (passport/photo), backend admin view to manage and respond.\par
- Client accounts: register/login, view bookings & visa requests.\par
- Admin: basic views for bookings, visa requests, and tours.\par
- UI polish: replace hero image, change logged-in headline color to black, reorder sidebar to: Overview; Tours; Hire a Car (removed from MVP but keep placeholder); Visas; Flights; Products (placeholder); apply grass-green branding color.\par
\par
\b 3. Out of scope\b0\par
- Car rental and e-commerce shop (removed per client request).\par
- Enterprise GDS flight integrations, advanced inventory/performance optimisation, multi-language.\par
\par
\b 4. Deliverables\b0\par
- Working staging site (URL provided) with the MVP features above.\par
- M-Pesa Daraja sandbox wiring (or offline payment flow, client choice).\par
- Admin screens for bookings & visa request review.\par
- Replaced hero image (licensed) and minor visual polish.\par
- README with deployment and environment variable instructions.\par
- 7 days post-delivery bug-fix support.
\par
\b 5. Assumptions\b0\par
- Client provides brand colors (grass green used by default: RGB 40,167,69 / #28A745).\par
- Client will supply access to domain registrar and production payment credentials if live payments are required.\par
- Any paid third-party services (production flight API, paid hosting tiers, paid email/WhatsApp) are billed separately.
\par
\b 6. Timeline\b0\par
- Kickoff: Day 0 (after deposit and credentials).\par
- Development & internal QA: 10–14 calendar days.\par
- Staging demo & feedback: Day 10–16.\par
- Final fixes & handover: Day 17–21.\par
Total: approximately 2–3 weeks depending on feedback and external account approvals.
\par
\b 7. Acceptance Criteria\b0\par
- Flight search returns sandbox results and booking records persist in the database.\par
- Tours listing and booking workflows function end-to-end (form submit, booking record, confirmation email).\par
- Visa form accepts documents and the admin can view requests.\par
- Auth flows allow users to view their bookings and visa requests.
\par
\b 8. Payment & Fees (Development Fixed Price)\b0\par
- Fixed development fee (MVP scope): KES 150,000.\par
- Payment schedule: 50% deposit on kickoff, 30% on staging demo, 20% on final delivery.\par
- Third-party costs (hosting, domain, image licenses, production payment onboarding) not included and billed separately.\par
\par
\b 9. Post‑Delivery Support & Maintenance\b0\par
- 7 days of complimentary bug-fix support after final delivery.\par
- Optional maintenance retainer: KES 10,000 / month (4–6 hrs) or KES 25,000 / month (full retainer).\par
\par
\b 10. Reporting & Communication\b0\par
- Weekly progress updates during development.\par
- Demos on staging environment at feature-complete milestone.\par
\par
\b 11. Contacts\b0\par
Kejani Garage (Project Lead):\par
Email: projects@kejanigarage.co.ke\par
Phone: +254 7XX XXX XXX\par
\par
Letrum Agencies (Client Lead):\par
[Client contact name & email to be supplied]
\par
\b 12. Signatures\b0\par
By signing, both parties agree to the scope, timeline and payment terms in this SOW.
\par
\par
Client: ___________________________  Date: ____________\par
\par
Provider: _________________________  Date: ____________\par
}
